Update azure remote instruction (#1938)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

For more information on configuring Azure Storage connection strings, visit
[here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-configure-connection-string).

**[Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis)
Authentication**

If you rely on Azure AD to
[authenticate](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-authentication-provider-aad)
against your Azure Storage account,
DVC supports a number of auth methods for you.
First, configure the `storage_account` your container path exists in with this
command, or via an environment variable:

```
$ dvc remote modify myremote storage_account 'my-storage-account'
# Or
export AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT='my-storage-account'
```

> - `azcli_credential` - If you are currently logged in using `az cli` you can choose use this to authenticate with the remote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `azcli_credential` - If you are currently logged in using `az cli`, you can use
  this to authenticate with the remote:

```

  ```
  $ dvc remote modify myremote azcli_credential True
  ```

> - If using a service principal you can set the environment variables 
>   `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID` and they will be picked up
>   
>   Or
>   
>   You can add the following variables into the config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If using a service principal, you can set the 
  `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, and `AZURE_TENANT_ID` env
  vars and they will be picked up by DVC. Or you can add configure the
  following remote options:

```

For more information on configuring Azure Storage connection strings, visit
[here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-configure-connection-string).

> **Advanced Azure Authentication**

Reviewer 2: is it a common term `Advanced Azure Authentication` or should we use Active Directory in the title- to make it precise and clea?

Reviewer: I vote for "Azure Active Directory" which seems to be the way they use it in docs like https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-authentication-provider-aad

> Also, maybe link to that or another appropriate doc somewhere. Thanks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Azure Active Directory](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis)**
```

> If you rely on AAD to authenticate against your azure storage account, 

Reviewer 2: is it AD or AAD? just to make sure

Reviewer: I think either "AD" or "Azure AD" would be most correct. In this case just "AD" since "Azure" is later in the same sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you rely on
[Azure AD](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis)
to authenticate against your Azure Storage account,
```

> the dvc azure remote supports a number of authentication methods. 

Reviewer 2: dvc -> DVC
azure -> Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DVC supports a number of auth methods.
```

> The methods below enable authentication however you must
> set the storage account your container path exists in your dvc config or as an environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, configure the `storage_account` your container path exists in with this
command, or via an environment variable:
```

```
$ dvc remote modify myremote storage_account 'my-storage-account'

> ```
> 
> Or
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Or
```

> export AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT='my-storage-account'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ export AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT='my-storage-account'
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

- `azcli_credential` - If you are currently logged in using `az cli` you can choose use this to authenticate with the remote
  ```
  $ dvc remote modify myremote azcli_credential True
  ```

- If using a service principal you can set the environment variables 
  `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID` and they will be picked up
  
  Or
  
  You can add the following variables into the config
  ```
  $ dvc remote modify myremote client_id 'my-client-id'

>   $ dvc remote modify myremote client_secret 'my-client-secret'

Reviewer 3: I guess you'd want to keep the client secret and client id in your local configuration. So I'd suggest to also document it this way (with the `--local` attribute):
`dvc remote modify --local myremote client_id 'my-client-id'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote client_secret '<my-secret>'
```
